# Meu Projeto

A project that fixes a rude database for a school work in discipline Laboratorio de Banco de Dados on college Fatec from Ourinhos city, state of São Paulo.

Well, if  you reach here, and you are a student from ADS in Fatec Ourinhos, may I help you. I made it public but I does't made it easy to find.

In this moment (2025-09) the app works and can already save a lot of time. To this app work you will need to fix the two tables "Dicionario de Dados (tabela 2)" and "Foreing Keys - FK (tabela 3)". The fix consists in you make sure that all the name from "tabela 2" is equal to "tabela 3", table and column names. You can doing it in a hard way, you generate the sql and try to run in the database, with the error you will get, you go and fix them.
I recommend to setup the tables in the txt, in this respository are a working and real example of the files. There are two main files, fktable.txt and dicionario.txt, the names are what they mean, the fktable to the "tabela 3" and the dicionario to the "tabela 2", and a optional but also required to finalize you work, a file called insert.txt.
To use the insert.txt, you will need to fix a lot of columns, because many columns and tables changes his names, so you will need to do a hard work by tracking the changes in the original inserts, changing the column and tables names to the correct ones. That might seems a harder work than change everything manually using pgAdmin, but it's not, you will take like a hour to finalize this step. I made it using a hard method, I inserted all SQL from updated tables generated by this app, without FKs and PKs, and tried to execute the inserts and with the errors that were giving, step by step I was fixing them util I get a sucessful insert of all tables, after that I backup the database and copied all the fixed inserts to a file, named insert.txt.
To copy the "Tabela 2" and "Tabela 3", you can just copy from the site to a excel sheet (I recommend to use a spreadsheet to organize and fix the data, it's a lot easier), after fixing there, you just copy all the columns and rows to a txt files. Make sure to add a blank line between every table in the "Dicionario de Dados" table, it is using this that the program detects the end of the table.
All the files goes on the exe directory or if you are using the compiled code direct from the Visual Studio, in project directory.

Good Luck.

